Draft of the `unionAll` expression structure. (#173)
FHIR/sql-on-fhir-v2: input/pagecontent/StructureDefinition-ViewDefinition-notes.md

The [example view definitions](StructureDefinition-ViewDefinition-examples.html) illustrate this behavior.

### unionAll expressions
The `unionAll` structure can be viewed as a special kind of `select` that effectively concatenates the results of the nested selection structures that it
contains, but without a guarantee that row ordering will be preserved. Each selection structure contained in the `unionAll` must produce the same column names and FHIR types.

For instance, suppose we want to create a table of all patient and contact addresses. Here's a snippet of what the `unionAll` could look like for that:

```js
"unionAll": [
{
  "select": [
  {
    "forEach": "address",
    "column": [
      {"path": "postalCode", "name": "zip"},
      {"path": "true", "name": "is_patient"}
    ]
  },
  {
    "forEach": "contact.address",
    "column": [
      {"path": "postalCode", "name": "zip"}
      {"path": "false", "name": "is_patient"}
    ]
  }]
}]
```

> The above example uses `forEach` to select parts of the resource for each select to be unioned, but other use cases may get the needed columns directly

Reviewer: I think the example above has a bug. Wouldn't it be taking a Cartesian product between patient addresses and contact addresses, because these selectors are siblings under `select`?  Like I think you need to remove lines 242 + 243 (and their corresponding closing punctuation marks), no?

Author: I lost what this was connected to since this PR has changed a bit since this, but let me know if this comment is still applicable.

in the select. See the [PatientAndContactAdddressUnion example](Binary-PatientAndContactAddressUnion.html) for a complete version of the above.

The `unionAll` itself works exactly like any other `select` expression when it comes to column ordering, join semantics, or other behavior. For instance,
if there are two `unionAll` structures or a `unionAll` and a `select` structure as siblings, the rows produced are cross joined just as they are if
two `select` structures are siblings.

#### unionAll column requirements

> The nested selects within a `unionAll` must having matching columns. Specifically, each nested `select` must produce the same number of columns with the same names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nested selects within a `unionAll` must having matching columns. Specifically, each nested selection structure must produce the same number of columns with the same names
```

The [example view definitions](StructureDefinition-ViewDefinition-examples.html) illustrate this behavior.

### unionAll expressions
The `unionAll` structure can be viewed as a special kind of `select` that effectively concatenates the results of the nested selects that it contains,
but without a guarantee that row ordering will be preserved. Each `select` contained in the `unionAll` must produce the same column names and FHIR types.

For instance, suppose we want to create a table of all patient and contact addresses. Here's a snippet of what the `unionAll` could look like for that:

```js
"unionAll": [
  {

>     "forEach": "address"  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "forEach": "address",
    "column": [{"path": "'self'", "name": "source"}],
```
